<p>We are on PetFinder! www.awp.petfinder.org. Adopt A Long Dog is dedicated to the welfare of ALL animals in need. We wish that we had the resources to help everyone who needs to find a new home for their dog/cat, but sadly we have limited human resources. If you need to find a home for your pet, we suggest that you contact SPOT, or local SPCA. The web site is www.spotsociety.org, and atlantahumane.org. There are links there with information on placing your pet. Adopt A Long Dog is a licensed, and inspected 501 (c) (3) (pending)non-profit organization. We are an all-volunteer rescue/foster organization located Tampa, Florida. Our mission is to find loving homes for the deserving animals in our care and to provide community education to promote responsible pet ownership. Since we are a volunteer, non-profit rescue organization, we are funded solely by the donations of selfless individuals wanting to do their part to ensure that our dogs get the care that they deserve. Any and all donations are greatly appreciated. We also glady accept other donations such as pet beds, towels, blankets, crates, kennels, doghouses, leashes, collars, toys, treats, food, flea treatment (Frontline, Advantage, etc.), heartworm preventative, food &amp; water dishes and vet services. The adoption fee ranges from $250.00 to $350.00. Please note that we fund the medical care, food and boarding costs from our own pockets. At this time we are not subsidized by any state or national programs. The adoption fee marginally covers what we have spent in the case of a healthy pet. For those requiring surgery, dentals or other special procedures, our costs far exceed the adoption fee. There are instances, particularly in the case of young puppies who cannot be released to their new homes right away, where we may request a non-refundable deposit. Unfortunately, this was implemented after several individuals completed the application process, other applicants were turned away, and these individuals &quot;changed their mind&quot; leaving the dog in question without a new home.</p>
