<p>I have been involved in either private rescue or humane societies for 12 years and made the choice to open my own rescue.&nbsp;&nbsp;With such a strong need and so many unnecessary deaths in the kill shelters.&nbsp; I firmly believe that foster homes are, by far, a better choice for the animals, allowing them to experience a home situation and, when necessary, learn manners and better behavior to ensure a permanent placement. I love animals, have always had multiple-animal households, and&nbsp; add a few more in need. I am totally committed to the quality placement of my fosters dogs and place no time limit on how long they can be in my foster-home program. My foster pets are with us until their &quot;forever&quot; home comes. We are a small, home-based rescue program dealing primarily with toy breeds, however, when room allows, we also foster a few large dogs. I am not breed specific but have limited space. Smaller dogs often become stressed in the pounds and stress can bring on various other illnesses. It is my goal to take these smaller dogs who are not doing well in a pound, bring them into a home situation as quickly as possible and allow them to relax and get the one-on-one attention these little guys crave. All of our dogs are living in foster homes and have full access to our homes as part of the family. We feel that in order to adopt out a family pet, that pet needs to know what it is like to be part of a family.&nbsp; I have no children, but I have a niece who is 12&nbsp;years old, two year old great-nephew and a five&nbsp;year&nbsp;old great-niece. They&nbsp; come a few days a week and handle the pets so they will be used to being around and handled by children. I do my best to socialize all pets in my care as much as possible to make for an easier transition into your home. I have several volunteers and foster homes helping with fostering the dogs and assisting&nbsp; me at adoption events. Please take a moment and look at the pets I have for adoption. You might just find that special one out there that will steal your heart. Pets are available for viewing by appointment only, as they are in our homes. However, an application needs to be filled out and approved prior to an appointment being set up.&nbsp;We like to meet with all potential adoptive families and do not ship or transport our dogs. Adopters must be willing to meet with one of our volunteers here in Ohio.</p>
