We are licensed by the Illinois Dept. of Agriculture as Australian Cattle Dog Rescue of IL/ Sue Christianson. We are a licensed 501(C)3 ( non-for-profit) organization. The rescue base/headquarters is in Texico, IL (Southern Illlinois) but has licensed foster homes through out the state. There is only one licensed cattle dog rescue in Illinois-ACD Rescue of Illinois located in Texico, Illinois.
	
Being a lover of the ACD breed you can't look the other way and not help the dogs in need. Especially the ones on death row in local kill shelters. There are so many nice ACD's that were turned in because people can't afford to feed them, some owners don't want to take the time with them, or some are just lost. There is absolutely nothing wrong with these dogs. They were supposed to be a commitment for life.

We have several dogs on the farm and in foster homes. We rescue cattle dogs from kill shelters throughout several different states. The dogs are fully vetted, evaluated, sometimes put in training, and placed into loving forever homes.


Our first priority is helping the kill shelter cattle dogs that will be euthanized. We will gladly help place an older dog whose loved one has passed away. But everyone must be patient as it takes time to place senior dogs. Owner surrenders - please don't call us because you decide you don't want you dog anymore. We will gladly help you place your dog or may have room but again you must be patient. Call us and we will try to help you solve your problem.

Everyone asks, "What is wrong with these rescue cattle dogs? They have ended up in shelters so something must be wrong with them". There is nothing wrong with these cattle dogs. We are seeing more and more cattle dogs coming into the shelters due to the economy. We will never knowingly place any cattle dog with aggressive issues or a biting history. Cattle dogs are known to be cautious with strangers but people aggression is not part of the breed standard. All cattle dogs are not appropriate for certain environments. Some cattle dogs have different activity levels and needs. We try to place our dogs in homes that are best suited for that individual dog.